Documentation and version updates (#115)
privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension: docs/HASH_TO_CURVE.md

> 

Reviewer: Broken link at line 22.

## Affine SSWU method

In the new release of Privacy Pass we will move to supporting both the previous
`hash-and-increment` method, and a new method that we call "affine SSWU". The

> affine SSWU method always returns a elliptic curve point and thus has zero chance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 affine SSWU method always returns an elliptic curve point and thus has zero chance
```

> of failure. The method used is the simplified version of SWU, which was proposed by Brier et al. based on the previous work of Shallue, Woestijne and Ulas (hence SSWU).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 of failure. The encoding method, proposed by [Brier et al.](http://eprint.iacr.org/2009/340), is a simplified version of SWU encoding, which is based on the previous works of Shallue and Woestijne, and Ulas (hence SSWU).
```

It is known as "affine" since it generates curve points in the affine
representation rather than the Jacobian representation.

> The algorithm is described in <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve/>. The input is a field element `t` that is obtained by hashing the input bytes into GF(p) using the output of a random oracle (we use the hash function SHA-256). The output is a coordinate pair (x,y) for a curve point on the  elliptic curve E(GF(p)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm is described in <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve/>. The input is a field element `t` that is obtained by hashing the input bytes into GF(p) using the output of a random oracle (we use the hash function SHA-256). The output is a coordinate pair (x,y) for a point on the elliptic curve P-256.
```
